welcome back to Ivy's kitchen today i am
making filipino macaroni salad
what makes this Filipino is Filipinos
love their food either sour and spicy or
sweet and savory this salad is sweet and
savory what I like about it is you can
prepare this ahead of time and then
assemble it when you're ready to serve
so your if you're interested in seeing
how you do this keep on watching for the
complete recipe please check out Ivy's
kitchen dotnet season your chicken with
salt and pepper don't forget to season
the other side once both sides are
seasoned cut the chicken into pieces for
faster cooking to cook the chicken we
will place the chicken in a pot with
cold water cover and turn on the heat
and poach until cooked through
while the chicken cooks wash your hands
and prepare the other ingredients wash
your celery and chopped up celery as
shown you're going to also chop up the
cheese into cubes and chop up the hem
the same size as the celery and the
cheese by now the chicken should be
ready save the chicken broth and chop
the chicken into cubes in the same pot
that you cook the chicken in add salt to
the water and bring to a boil as a
macaroni and cook according to package
instructions and the pot of cold water
place eggs and cook until water comes to
erupted boil once water is boiling turn
off the heat place a lid and let the egg
sit for 10 minutes after 10 minutes run
the egg under cold water and peel the
shell once peeled chop the egg and you
will see how perfectly yellow the yolk
is we are going to chop the egg into
cubes so it's the same size as the
celery
ham and cheese slices first we want to
add the Necker Oni that we cooked
earlier today then we're going to add
the chicken and celery for crunch and
the egg now if your kids have egg
allergies you definitely can leave this
out cheese pineapple for sweetness
some raisins
and pimientos and we're just going to
mix this all together now I'm going to
add some sweet relish this about two
tablespoons and if you want the recipe
please check out Ivy's kitchen net and
we're going to add Mayo if you like a
lot of Mayo you can add more than how
much I'm putting it and if you're not
going to serve this right away you want
to keep this chilled because we don't
want the mail to spoil and for sweet
nuts we're going to add some sugar
and you can definitely a season this
with some salt and pepper oh yeah I'm
going to add that on there to balance
the sweetness we want to add just a
little bit of salt and that will give it
its savory and sweetness now it's time
to taste this hmm perfect there's a
little bit of crunch from the celery and
the sweetness from the raisin and I like
how there is cheese on it as well thank
you for watching I description I'll see
you guys next time bye
thank you for watching Ivy's kitchen
please don't forget to subscribe for the
complete recipe please check out Ivy's
kitchen dotnet until next time happy
cooking